Seriously?
You're going?
Come on, Adia. It's just a party.
It'll be fun.
I don't know, Phoebe.
Look, I've been to Jessica's parties before.
It was totally fine.
Shh.
Wait, you've been to our house before?
Yeah, for another party.
It was great.
Nothing bad happened.
And guess who's going to be there?
Who?
Hey, Nadia.
Hey, Jonah.
Come for a little bit.
And if you feel uncomfortable, you can leave.
Even if I said yes, my parents would never go for it.
They don't have to know. Just sneak out.
That's what I do.
So how about it? Have a little fun.
How first Timothy 214 describes Adam?
Also, Adam was not deceived.
But the woman was thoroughly deceived and became a transgressor.
Adam just accepted Eve's offer.
He didn't think it through.
If I go to this party, what could happen?
I can't go to this party.
The scripture says that Adam wasn't deceived.
But Eve was.
Adam didn't even try to help readjust Eve's thinking.
It's not enough for me not to go.
I need to talk to Phoebe and help her see why she shouldn't go either.
I know you're disappointed.
I'm sure the elders must have their reasons.
I'm sure they do.
What does that mean?
Nothing. Just forget it.
I would decide that about your case.
It doesn't make any sense.
Not that I'm surprised.
Sure, I'll see you tomorrow and we'll sort this thing out together.
Don't worry. I'll help you fix this.
If I were an elder, I would never treat people like this.
What were they thinking?
And 50 men to run before him.
What was Absalom thinking?
Wait. What am I thinking?
Absalom turned people away from the king.
Tongue them he was more just, more understanding.
If I take sides with Carl tomorrow, what could happen?
They don't even belong. They call themselves Christians.
To everyone.
They need to be out.
I don't know all the facts.
And even if I did, it doesn't matter.
I can't let my pride get in the way of my loyalty to Jehovah.
Absalom could have avoided all those bad things.
If he only stayed content, I need to ask Jehovah's help to root out those bad things in my heart.
So I can stay content.
Brother Elliot, my ex-husband won't stop calling me.
And every time he does call, he just brings up all of these emotions.
You got a text, Mr. Choney.
I can see what it's from.
Yeah, it's Caitlin.
She's just thanking you for listening to her today.
She seems to be talking with you a lot lately.
Is everything okay?
Oh, yeah. She's just going through some issues.
Being newly baptized and all.
She likes to bounce things off the elders.
But does it always have to be with you?
Of course not.
For some reason, she feels comfortable talking to me.
Have I ever given you any reason to be concerned over the way I shepherd sisters?
No, never.
So don't worry.
I'm just giving her time to get familiar with the other elders on the body.
Okay, I'm going to get ready for bed.
Okay, I'm going to stay up for a bit and work on my talk.
Okay.
Avoiding the trap of overconfidence.
Solomon had served Jehovah his whole life.
But with time, he started relying on his own thinking.
It's Caitlin again.
Can you talk?
Sure I can.
Wait a minute.
I do want to help Caitlin.
But if I'm not careful, how did I not see this?
I guess I just thought...
And that's the problem.
Relying on my own thinking.
Hey Mike, it's Terrence.
Sorry to call you so late.
But Caitlin just texted.
Yeah.
She's been having a rough time lately.
Do you think you and I can have a conference call with her?
And plan a shepherding visit?
Great.
Thanks a lot.
Sweet.
Yeah, it's fresh, ain't it?
I can make calls.
I can send texts.
I can do anything.
All from right here.
Well, cool, but how'd you get the money?
The last time I checked, you didn't have a job.
There are other ways of making money, son.
Like what?
Like online betting.
What?
You serious?
Yeah, I'm serious.
I bet on sports teams.
It's easy, it's instant money.
But best of all, private.
No one ever has to know.
Here's the link.
I wasn't even thinking about this stuff until I saw Julian's new watch.
Now it's all I think about.
Let me check something first.
Gambling.
Gambling is a form of greed.
Whoa.
Judas Iscariot?
Started off good.
Gave him to greed.
Consumed him.
Betrayed Jesus.
If I sign up for online gambling.
What could happen?
If you leave from these things.
If you pursue righteousness.
Got a diversion.
If I sign up for this.
I could lose a lot of money.
Or worse yet, I could win.
And the love of money could easily consume me.
Like it did Judas.
I could fall right out of the truth.
Judas could have sought help from others.
I'm going to talk to my parents about this whole thing.